add git permissions error faq (#5653)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Git/github-permissions.md

---
title: "I'm seeing a 'GitHub and dbt Cloud latest permissions' error"
description: "GitHub and dbt Cloud permissions error"
sidebar_label: "GitHub and dbt Cloud permissions error"
---

> If you're seeing a `This account needs to accept the latest permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App` error in the dbt Cloud IDE &mdash; this usually occurs when the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App are out of date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see the error `This account needs to accept the latest permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App` in the dbt Cloud IDE &mdash; this usually occurs when the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App are out of date.
```

To solve this issue, you'll need to update the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App in your GitHub account. Here's a couple of ways you can do it:

> #### First workaround

Author: ```suggestion
#### Update permissions
```

> #### First workaround

Reviewer: It might be beneficial to the customer for the titles to summarize what the workaround is. 
For example:

#### Update permissions
xyx

#### Disconnect GitHub
xyz

Workaround generally implies you're working around a limitation, but these seem more like troubleshooting steps. Especially the first one

Author: great idea!

> You'll need to reach out to your Github organization admin to update the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Github organization admin will need to update the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App.
```

> 1. Go directly to GitHub to determine if any updated permissions are required.

Reviewer: What happens if they're not and they're still getting the error? Do they skip to the second workaround or something else?

Author: they should try to both workarounds - I'll make it clearer!

2. In GitHub, go to your organization **Settings** (or personal if using a non-organization account).
3. Then navigate to **Applications** to identify any necessary permission changes.

> 4. For more info on GitHub permissions, refer to [access permissions](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/access-permissions-on-github).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info on GitHub permissions, refer to [access permissions](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/access-permissions-on-github).
```

> #### Second workaround

Author: ```suggestion
#### Disconnect GitHub
```

Disconnect the GitHub and dbt Cloud integration in dbt Cloud.

1. In dbt Cloud, go to **Account Settings**.
2. In **Projects**, select the project that is experiencing the issue.
3. Click the repository link under **Repository**.
4. In the **Repository details** page, click **Edit**.

> 5. Click **Disconnect** to remove the GitHub integration.

Reviewer: Should the leave it disconnected or is the implication that they'll re-connect?  What happens if they need that connection?

Author: added some clarity here good shout

---
title: "I'm seeing a 'GitHub and dbt Cloud latest permissions' error"
description: "GitHub and dbt Cloud permissions error"
sidebar_label: "GitHub and dbt Cloud permissions error"
---

If you see the error `This account needs to accept the latest permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App` in dbt Cloud &mdash; this usually occurs when the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App are out of date.

To solve this issue, you'll need to update the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App in your GitHub account. Here's a couple of ways you can do it:

#### Update permissions

> A Github organization admin will need to update the permissions for the dbt Cloud GitHub App. If you're not the admin, reach out to your organization admin to request this. Alternatively, try [disconecting your GitHub account](#disconect-github) in dbt Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
A Github organization admin will need to update the permissions in GitHub for the dbt Cloud GitHub App. If you're not the admin, reach out to your organization admin to request this. Alternatively, try [disconecting your GitHub account](#disconect-github) in dbt Cloud.
```
